**GAMES**
=========

***Pace.***
--------------------
* coming soon
* This is a 3D first person game with smooth player tracking. Oh, and it takes place in space.
* So far, I've created icy terrain with fog, snow, and other particle system effects.

***Tesseract: Teleportation in Unity***
* Finally, teleportation.
* Humanity has made strides in science and stuff, but frankly, nothing as epic as teleportation.
* I added the scripts for how I accomplished the camera control and teleportation for reference.
* Very satisfying when I got it to work the way I dreamt: https://youtu.be/d-4vett_AGM

***Ninja Ark***
--------------------
 *Ninja Ark is a 2D game in Unity. The purpose of this game was to test the waters in Unity. It's kind of like an anime version of Arkanoid.* 

* Using a rasengan (animated spiralling blue ball), the objective is to destroy character sprites
* Once hit, the characters take damage until they... well die.
* Yes, he dies. (if you know you know)
* Background music is phenomenal
* 'Lose' scene is a bit scary from the feedback I recieved
* Actually, the win scene is also terrifying I dont really know why I made them like that

***3D Graph animations***
* Strictly speaking, I did this for a class. But I definitely didn't need the particle system.
* It was extra credit, but it turned out pretty nice so...here: https://youtu.be/9_XFwoZZCk0
* Unity Hub should tell you what version of Unity you need to run/edit it.

***RAPIDFIRE6***
--------------------
 *RapidFire6 is the 6th and only edition of the RapidFire series. Its is a modern 2D clone of Space Invaders. In particular, it goes crazy. The player,
represented by a spaceship, will be able to steer within the screen space using the left and right
arrow keys, while shooting lasers in the playspace.* 

* Used Shuriken Particle System to simulate combustions and fuel thrusters
*Enemies will fly in formation*
* Enemies will have an animation while in formation
* Enemies will be spawned outside the playspace and fly into their formation positions
* The background to the game will be animated and give the impression of being warped through space
through space
* When a projectile strikes an object, it will play a strike animation
* Mind the score..
* Sound will be generated by the following events:
 ○ player fires
 ○ enemy fires
 ○ player is destroyed
 ○ enemy is destroyed
 ○ player projectile strikes enemy
 ○ enemy projectile strikes player
* Background music will also play during the game which the player will have the choice of selecting
 
* Used Shuriken Particle System to simulate combustions and fuel thrusters
* Created with Unity

*I got a bunch of positive feedback about the 'trippiness' of the space scene..

***THE CURRY OF LIFE***
-------------------

* 2D one player ballistics type game
* Created using Python's Pygame library
* Sprite class is inherited by the player and other sprite classes
* Implements the Game class
  * Game class makes the logic for restarting the game much more refined
* Uses sprites class to create groups of sprites and checks for sprite collisions

* *10 second timer, 60 spicy bowls of curry, unlimited chopsticks...*
